IMEKA LICENSE START

END USER SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

NOTICE TO USER: PLEASE READ THIS CONTRACT CAREFULLY. BY USING ALL OR ANY PORTION
OF THE SOFTWARE YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
INCLUDING, IN PARTICULAR THE LIMITATIONS ON: USE CONTAINED IN SECTION 2;
TRANSFERABILITY IN SECTION 4; WARRANTY IN SECTION 6 AND 7; AND LIABILITY IN
SECTION 8. YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN
NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THIS
SOFTWARE.

1. Definitions

When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective
meanings indicated, such meanings to be applicable to both the singular and
plural forms of the terms defined:

"Licensor" means Imeka Solutions Inc., with its main address located at

195 Belvédère N, bureau 201, Sherbrooke, Qc, Canada, J1H 4A7

"Software" means (a) all of the contents of the files, disk(s), CD-ROM(s) or
other media with which this Agreement is provided, including but not limited to
(i) Imeka Solutions Inc. or third party computer information or software; (ii)
digital images, stock photographs, clip art, sounds or other artistic works
("Stock Files"); (iii) related explanatory written materials or files
("Documentation"); and (iv) fonts; and (b) upgrades, modified versions, updates,
additions, and copies of the Software, if any, licensed to you by Imeka
Solutions Inc. (collectively, "Updates").

"Use" or "Using" means to access, install, download, copy or otherwise benefit
from using the functionality of the Software in accordance with the
Documentation.

“Licensee” means You or Your Company, unless otherwise indicated.

"Permitted Number" means one (1) unless otherwise indicated under a valid
license (e.g. volume license) granted by Imeka Solutions Inc..

"Computer" means an electronic device that accepts information in digital or
similar form and manipulates it for a specific result based on a sequence of
instructions.


2. Software License

As long as you comply with the terms of this End User License Agreement (the
"Agreement"), Imeka Solutions Inc. grants to you a non-exclusive license to Use
the Software for the purposes described in the Documentation. Some third party
materials included in the Software may be subject to other terms and conditions,
which are typically found in a "Read Me" file located near such materials.


2.1 General Use

You may install and Use a copy of the Software on your compatible computer, up
to the Permitted Number of computers; and

2.2 Backup Copy

You may make one backup copy of the Software, provided your backup copy is not
installed or used on any computer. You may not transfer the rights to a backup
copy unless you transfer all rights in the Software as provided under Section 6.

2.3 Home Use

You, as the primary user of the computer on which the Software is installed, may
also install the Software on one of your home computers. However, the Software
may not be used on your home computer at the same time the Software on the
primary computer is being used.

2.4 Limitations

To the extent that the Software includes Imeka Solutions Inc. MI-BONE and/or
MI-BRAIN and/or MI-HEART software, (i) you may not customize the installer for
such software (e.g., installation of additional plug-in and help files);
however, you may not otherwise alter or modify the installer program or create
a new installer for any of such software, (ii) such software is licensed and
distributed by Imeka Solutions Inc., (iii) you are not authorized to use
any plug-in or enhancement that permits you to save modifications to a [FORMAT]
file with such softwarem, and (iv) you might not use the software for
commercial purposes

3. Intellectual Property Rights

The Software and any copies that you are authorized by Imeka Solutions Inc. to
make are the intellectual property of and are owned by Imeka Solutions Inc. and
its suppliers. The structure, organization and code of the Software are the
valuable trade secrets and confidential information of Imeka Solutions Inc. and
its suppliers. The Software is protected by copyright, including without
limitation by Canadian Copyright Law, international treaty provisions and
applicable laws in the country in which it is being used. You may not copy the
Software, except as set forth in Section 2 ("Software License").

Any copies that you are permitted to make pursuant to this Agreement must
contain the same copyright and other proprietary notices that appear on or in
the Software. You also agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or
otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software except to the
extent you may be expressly permitted to decompile under applicable law, it is
essential to do so in order to achieve operability of the Software with another
software program, and you have first requested Imeka Solutions Inc. to provide
the information necessary to achieve such operability and Imeka Solutions Inc.
has not made such information available.

Imeka Solutions Inc. has the right to impose reasonable conditions and to
request a reasonable fee before providing such information. Any information
supplied by Imeka Solutions Inc. or obtained by you, as permitted hereunder, may
only be used by you for the purpose described herein and may not be disclosed to
any third party or used to create any software which is substantially similar to
the expression of the Software. Requests for information should be directed to
the Imeka Solutions Inc. Customer Support Department. Trademarks shall be used
in accordance with accepted trademark practice, including identification of
trademarks owners' names. Trademarks can only be used to identify printed output
produced by the Software and such use of any trademark does not give you any
rights of ownership in that trademark. Except as expressly stated above, this
Agreement does not grant you any intellectual property rights in the Software.


4. Transfer

You may not, rent, lease, sublicense or authorize all or any portion of the
Software to be copied onto another users computer except as may be expressly
permitted herein. You may, however, transfer all your rights to Use the Software
to another person or legal entity provided that: (a) you also transfer each this
Agreement, the Software and all other software or hardware bundled or
pre-installed with the Software, including all copies, Updates and prior
versions, and all copies of font software converted into other formats, to such
person or entity; (b) you retain no copies, including backups and copies stored
on a computer; and (c) the receiving party accepts the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and any other terms and conditions upon which you legally
purchased a license to the Software. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not
transfer education, pre-release, or not for resale copies of the Software.


5. Multiple Environment Software / Multiple Language Software / Dual Media
Software / Multiple Copies/ Bundles / Updates

If the Software supports multiple platforms or languages, if you receive the
Software on multiple media, if you otherwise receive multiple copies of the
Software, or if you received the Software bundled with other software, the total
number of your computers on which all versions of the Software are installed may
not exceed the Permitted Number. You may not, rent, lease, sublicense, lend or
transfer any versions or copies of such Software you do not Use. If the Software
is an Update to a previous version of the Software, you must possess a valid
license to such previous version in order to Use the Update. You may continue to
Use the previous version of the Software on your computer after you receive the
Update to assist you in the transition to the Update, provided that: the Update
and the previous version are installed on the same computer; the previous
version or copies thereof are not transferred to another party or computer
unless all copies of the Update are also transferred to such party or computer;
and you acknowledge that any obligation Imeka Solutions Inc. may have to support
the previous version of the Software may be ended upon availability of the
Update.


6. NO WARRANTY

The Software is being delivered to you "AS IS" and Imeka Solutions Inc. makes no
warranty as to its use or performance. Imeka Solutions Inc. AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO
NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE
SOFTWARE. EXCEPT FOR ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERM TO THE
EXTENT TO WHICH THE SAME CANNOT OR MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW
APPLICABLE TO YOU IN YOUR JURISDICTION, Imeka Solutions Inc. AND ITS SUPPLIERS
MAKE NO WARRANTIES CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, OR TERMS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WHETHER BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW, CUSTOM, USAGE OR OTHERWISE) AS TO ANY MATTER
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS,
MERCHANTABILITY, INTEGRATION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FURTHERMORE, THIS SOFTWARE MAY NOT BE USED FOR MEDICAL
DIAGNOSTIC AS IT IS NOT SANCTIONNED BY AUTHORITIES SUCH AS HEALTH-CANADA AND THE
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION.


7. Pre-release Product Additional Terms

If the product you have received with this license is pre-commercial release or
beta Software ("Pre-release Software"), then the following Section applies. To
the extent that any provision in this Section is in conflict with any other term
or condition in this Agreement, this Section shall supercede such other term(s)
and condition(s) with respect to the Pre-release Software, but only to the
extent necessary to resolve the conflict. You acknowledge that the Software is a
pre-release version, does not represent final product from Imeka Solutions Inc.,
and may contain bugs, errors and other problems that could cause system or other
failures and data loss. Consequently, the Pre-release Software is provided to
you "AS-IS", and Imeka Solutions Inc. disclaims any warranty or liability
obligations to you of any kind. WHERE LEGALLY LIABILITY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED FOR
PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE, BUT IT MAY BE LIMITED, Imeka Solutions Inc.'S LIABILITY
AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE SUM OF FIFTY DOLLARS (CAD.
$50) IN TOTAL. You acknowledge that Imeka Solutions Inc. has not promised or
guaranteed to you that Pre-release Software will be announced or made available
to anyone in the future, that Imeka Solutions Inc. has no express or implied
obligation to you to announce or introduce the Pre-release Software and that
Imeka Solutions Inc. may not introduce a product similar to or compatible with
the Pre-release Software. Accordingly, you acknowledge that any research or
development that you perform regarding the Pre-release Software or any product
associated with the Pre-release Software is done entirely at your own risk.
During the term of this Agreement, if requested by Imeka Solutions Inc. , you
will provide feedback to Imeka Solutions Inc. regarding testing and use of the
Pre-release Software, including error or bug reports. If you have been provided
the Pre-release Software pursuant to a separate written agreement, such as the
Imeka Solutions Inc. Serial Agreement for Unreleased Products, your use of the
Software is also governed by such agreement. You agree that you may not and
certify that you will not sublicense, lease, loan, rent, or transfer the
Pre-release Software. Upon receipt of a later unreleased version of the
Pre-release Software or release by Imeka Solutions Inc. of a publicly released
commercial version of the Software, whether as a stand-alone product or as part
of a larger product, you agree to return or destroy all earlier Pre-release
Software received from Imeka Solutions Inc. and to abide by the terms of the End
User License Agreement for any such later versions of the Pre-release Software.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, if you are located
outside the United States of America or Canada, you agree that you will return
or destroy all unreleased versions of the Pre-release Software within thirty
(30) days of the completion of your testing of the Software when such date is
earlier than the date for Imeka Solutions Inc.'s first commercial shipment of
the publicly released (commercial) Software.


8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT WILL Imeka Solutions Inc. OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL
DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF AN Imeka Solutions Inc.
REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS
OR COSTS OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND
EXCLUSIONS APPLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN YOUR JURISDICTION.
Imeka Solutions Inc.'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS UNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE
SOFTWARE, IF ANY. Nothing contained in this Agreement limits Imeka Solutions
Inc.'s liability to you in the event of death or personal injury resulting from
Imeka Solutions Inc.'s negligence or for the tort of deceit (fraud). Imeka
Solutions Inc. is acting on behalf of its suppliers for the purpose of
disclaiming, excluding and/or limiting obligations, warranties and liability as
provided in this Agreement, but in no other respects and for no other purpose.
For further information, please see the jurisdiction specific information at the
end of this Agreement, if any, or contact Imeka Solutions Inc.'s Customer
Support Department.


9. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws
of the Province of Quebec, Canada.


10. General Provisions

If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not
affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid
and enforceable according to its terms. This Agreement shall not prejudice the
statutory rights of any party dealing as a consumer. This Agreement may only be
modified by a writing signed by an authorized officer of Imeka Solutions Inc..
Updates may be licensed to you by Imeka Solutions Inc. with additional or
different terms. This is the entire agreement between Imeka Solutions Inc. and
you relating to the Software and it supersedes any prior representations,
discussions, undertakings, communications or advertising relating to the
Software.


11. Compliance with Licenses

If you are a business or organization, you agree that upon request from Imeka
Solutions Inc. or Imeka Solutions Inc. 's authorized representative, you will
within thirty (30) days fully document and certify that use of any and all Imeka
Solutions Inc. Software at the time of the request is in conformity with your
valid licenses from Imeka Solutions Inc..

If you have any questions regarding this Agreement or if you wish to request any
information from Imeka Solutions Inc. please use the address and contact
information included with this product to contact the Imeka Solutions Inc.
office serving your jurisdiction.

Imeka Solutions Inc., MI-BONE, MI-BRAIN and MI-HEART are either registered
trademarks or trademarks of Imeka Solutions Inc. in the United States and/or
other countries.

IMEKA LICENSE END

GERMAN CANCER RESEARCH CENTER LICENSE START

Copyright (c) 2003-2012 German Cancer Research Center, Division of Medical and
Biological Informatics All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above
    copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
    copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the name of the German Cancer Research Center,
    nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
    products derived from this software without specific prior written
    permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

GERMAN CANCER RESEARCH CENTER LICENSE END
